[DOCS] Doc privs needed to import rules with actions (#1762)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-import.asciidoc

NOTE: Console supports {es} APIs only. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to {kibana-ref}/console-kibana.html[Run {es} API requests]. Please also note this API supports {kibana-ref}/api.html#token-api-authentication[Token-based authentication] only.

> NOTE: You need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature to import rules with actions. If you are importing rules without actions, no `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.

Reviewer: First edit just for voice, but for the second edit I think it's clearer to say something is "not required" vs. separating "no" and "required" with a long phrase.
```suggestion
NOTE: You need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature to import rules with actions. If you're importing rules without actions, `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are not required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.
```

> NOTE: Your role needs at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature to import rules with actions. If you are importing rules without actions, no `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You need at least `Read` privileges for the `Action and Connectors` feature to import rules with actions. If you are importing rules without actions, no `Action and Connectors` feature privileges are required. Refer to <<enable-detections-ui>> for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: I like this better because I imagine users don't typically think of themselves as a "role", rather they sign in with whatever creds they have and have the associated permissions. I could be wrong though. If you do end up going with my suggestion, the same thing appears below as well.

Author: I see your point and think both ways work. That said, I do like the more straightforward tone of your edits so I'll apply them :)
